PURE5 Hash Resin Catalog

Stock Content:

Indica Strains	1
Skunk - Relaxed	1
Rainbow Belt - Goggly	1
Black Cherry OG - Relaxed	2
Sativa Strains - Creative	2
Lemonnade - Energetic	2
Nimbus - Relaxed	2
Straight A's Haze - Energetic	2
Suver Lemon Haze	2
Hybrid Strains	3
Citral Glue - Focused	3
Tropical Cherry - Energetic	3
Zookies - Focused	3
Cheetah Piss - Aroused	3
Kush Cake - Relaxed	3
Jealousy - Giggly	3
Mochi - Sleepy	4
Runtz OG - Talkative	4
OKI Runtz - Talkative	4
Cap Junkie - Giggly	4
Kush Mints - Relaxed	4
Fuego Mix - Energetic	5
MAC - Relaxed	5
MSG - Energetic	5
GMO Cookies - Relaxed	5
Apple and Bananas	6
Lemon Cherry Gelato	6

Indica Strains - Relax - Purple Pens/labels
Skunk - Relaxed
Skunk 47, offspring of Skunk #1 and AK-47, is a sour-smelling hybrid strain that leans far to the indica side of the family. Skunk 47’s parents were selected for intense aromas and fast flowering cycles. Its indica tendencies come out strong in this strain’s effects, delivering a crushing heaviness perfect for stubborn pain or sleepless nights.
Rainbow Belt - Goggly
Rainbow Belts, also known as "Rainbow Belt," is an indica marijuana strain made by crossing Moonbow with Zkittlez. The effects of Rainbow Belts are mainly calming. Consumers say this strain offers a euphoric high that makes you happy and relaxed. Rainbow Belts have sedating qualities, so enjoying this strain during the evening is best. The flavor and aroma of this strain may remind you of sweet and fruity candy. Medical marijuana patients choose Rainbow Belts to relieve symptoms associated with insomnia. 
Black Cherry OG - Relaxed
Black Cherry OG, also known as "Black Cherry" and "Black Cherry OG Kush," is an indica marijuana strain bred by Grand Daddy Purple that combines Ken’s OG with an unknown Granddaddy Purple hybrid. Dense buds take on an intense purple hue at the end of maturation and develop a sweet aroma like fruity tea. Relaxing full-body effects take over, ridding you of pain and insomnia while lifting the mood.
