PURE5 Hash Resin Catalog

Stock Content:

Indica Strains	1
Skunk - Relaxed	1
Rainbow Belt - Goggly	1
Black Cherry OG - Relaxed	2
Sativa Strains - Creative	2
Lemonnade - Energetic	2
Nimbus - Relaxed	2
Straight A's Haze - Energetic	2
Suver Lemon Haze	2
Hybrid Strains	3
Citral Glue - Focused	3
Tropical Cherry - Energetic	3
Zookies - Focused	3
Cheetah Piss - Aroused	3
Kush Cake - Relaxed	3
Jealousy - Giggly	3
Mochi - Sleepy	4
Runtz OG - Talkative	4
OKI Runtz - Talkative	4
Cap Junkie - Giggly	4
Kush Mints - Relaxed	4
Fuego Mix - Energetic	5
MAC - Relaxed	5
MSG - Energetic	5
GMO Cookies - Relaxed	5
Apple and Bananas	6
Lemon Cherry Gelato	6

Indica Strains - Relax - Purple Pens/labels
Skunk - Relaxed
Skunk 47, offspring of Skunk #1 and AK-47, is a sour-smelling hybrid strain that leans far to the indica side of the family. Skunk 47’s parents were selected for intense aromas and fast flowering cycles. Its indica tendencies come out strong in this strain’s effects, delivering a crushing heaviness perfect for stubborn pain or sleepless nights.
Rainbow Belt - Goggly
Rainbow Belts, also known as "Rainbow Belt," is an indica marijuana strain made by crossing Moonbow with Zkittlez. The effects of Rainbow Belts are mainly calming. Consumers say this strain offers a euphoric high that makes you happy and relaxed. Rainbow Belts have sedating qualities, so enjoying this strain during the evening is best. The flavor and aroma of this strain may remind you of sweet and fruity candy. Medical marijuana patients choose Rainbow Belts to relieve symptoms associated with insomnia. 
Black Cherry OG - Relaxed
Black Cherry OG, also known as "Black Cherry" and "Black Cherry OG Kush," is an indica marijuana strain bred by Grand Daddy Purple that combines Ken’s OG with an unknown Granddaddy Purple hybrid. Dense buds take on an intense purple hue at the end of maturation and develop a sweet aroma like fruity tea. Relaxing full-body effects take over, ridding you of pain and insomnia while lifting the mood.
Sativa Strains - Creative - Red Pens/labels
Jack Herer
Jack Herer is a sativa-dominant marijuana strain that has gained as much renown as its namesake. Its rich genetic background gives rise to several variations of Jack Herer, each phenotype bearing unique features and effects. Leafly reviewers tell us Jack Herer’s effects include feeling energetic, creative, and uplifted. However, consumers typically describe this 55% sativa hybrid as blissful, clear-headed, and creative. Jack Herer was created in the Netherlands in the mid-1990s, where it was later distributed by Dutch pharmacies as a recognized medical-grade strain. Since then, this spicy, pine-scented strain has taken home numerous awards for its quality and potency.
Lemonnade - Energetic
Lemonnade is a Sativa-dominant hybrid marijuana strain made by crossing Lemon OG and Gorilla Haze. Lemonade tastes and smells just like freshly squeezed lemons. This strain is ideal for wake and bake enthusiasts, as Lemonade makes consumers feel energetic and motivated. Medical patients pick this therapeutic strain for its ability to relieve anxiety, inflammation, and cramping. This strain produces dense, resinous buds with soft orange hairs that look beautiful against the bud's light green coloration.
Nimbus - Relaxed
Nimbus Snacks is a weed strain from the dessert family and should have hybrid-indica effects. Propagated by Conception Nurseries, Nimbus Snacks crosses Durban Mints x GSC. A Nimbus Snacks took second place for the most terpinolene among all the outdoor weeds entered in the California State Fair cannabis awards in 2024.
Straight A's Haze - Energetic
Straight A's Haze is a particular phenotype for Haze aficionados. This unique incarnation of Paradise Seeds’ Delahaze is a clarity-driven strain with a complex, spicy terpene profile. The grower, Shaman Stinky Steve, noted hints of nutmeg, pepper, cinnamon, and incense and a motivating body high that promotes activity. Straight A's are also known as “Clean the Garage Haze,” as people found themselves doing chores, acing their classes, and losing weight. 
Suver Lemon Haze
Super Silver Haze is a sativa marijuana strain. It was the first prize winner at the High TimesCannabis Cup in 1997, 1998, and 1999. Super Silver Haze is made by crossing Skunk, Northern Lights, and Haze creates a beautiful, sticky strain that boasts an energetic, long-lasting body high. The uplifting effects are a great for high stress levels or when suffering from a lack of appetite or nausea.
Hybrid Strains - Focused - Green pens/labels
Citral Glue - Focused
Citral Glue is a sativa-dominant cross of Ethos’ own Citral Skunk with the ever-popular Original Glue. Buds are coated in red hairs, giving off beautiful diesel, citrus, and skunk aromas. The Critical Skunk strain is reported to have uplifting and energetic effects, but its potency will keep the best of us stuck to the couch in cerebral and physical bliss.
Tropical Cherry - Energetic
Tropical Cherry is a hybrid weed strain. This strain is 60% sativa and 40% indica. It has a sweet and sour citrus profile with a flavor of ripe cherries and nutty earthiness. It may produce sativa-like effects of euphoria, mood enhancement, and energy. Tropical Cherry effects include feeling focused, happy, and relaxed. Medical marijuana patients often choose Tropical Cherry when dealing with symptoms associated with anxiety, pain, and depression. The dominant terpene of this strain is terpinolene, which gives it a fruity and floral aroma.
Zookies - Focused
Zookies is a hybrid marijuana strain. The result is a level-headed strain that is as delicious as potent. This strain has a unique terpene profile, aroma, and flavor of sweet, nutty cookies with a hint of diesel. Zookies is an excellent choice for someone looking for an intense high without getting stuck on the couch.
Cheetah Piss - Aroused
Cheetah Piss crosses Lemonnade, Gelato 42, and London Poundcake 97. While the name is an homage to the famous old-school strain Cat Piss, there isn’t much in common when it comes to the highs. As far as its terpene profile, Cheetah Piss is funky, just like Cat Piss, reminding consumers of those strains with weird, uncommon qualities.
Kush Cake - Relaxed
Kush Cake is an Indica-dominant hybrid marijuana strain made by crossing Cherry Pie with Girl Scout Cookies. This strain produces happy, uplifting effects that will boost your mood and relieve stress. Kush Cake smells minty and earthy but tastes sweet, like lemon and vanilla. This strain is best reserved for late afternoon or evening enjoyment. Kush Cake is ideal for athletes and anyone looking to relieve pain from sore muscles. Medical marijuana patients choose this strain to help relieve symptoms associated with depression, anxiety, and chronic pain. 
Jealousy - Giggly
Jealousy is a hybrid weed strain made by crossing Sherbert Bx1 with Gelato 41. Jealousy is known for its balancing effects. It makes them feel mentally relaxed but physically energetic. The dominant terpene of this strain is caryophyllene, which is often associated with a fuel aroma. There's also limonene, myrcene, and sometimes even linalool and humulene. Reviewers tell Leafly Jealousy tastes earthy and funky. Medical marijuana patients say they buy this strain when feeling symptoms of mild stress. 
Mochi - Sleepy
Mochi, also known as "Gelato 47" and "Mochi Gelato," is a hybrid marijuana strain that promotes creativity and pain relief. It is made by crossing Sunset Sherbet with Thin Mint Girl Scout Cookies. Mochi is known for having beautiful, dense buds with a frosty mixture of colors, including purple, jade, and bright red. 
Runtz OG - Talkative
Runtz, also known as "Runtz OG," is a rare type of hybrid marijuana strain. Runtz is made by crossing  Zkittlez with Gelato, and it is loved for its incredibly fruity flavor profile, which smells just like the bag of sugary candy we all know and love. Because of the rising popularity of this cannabis strain, it's no surprise that Runtz was named the Strain of the Year in 2020. Runtz is celebrated for its creamy smoke that is smooth and welcoming. This strain of weed produces euphoric highs and uplifting effects that are known to be long-lasting. Purple Caper Seeds released the same cross under the name Gelato Zkittlez.
OKI Runtz - Talkative
Runtz, also known as "Runtz OG," is a rare type of hybrid marijuana strain. Runtz is made by crossing  Zkittlez with Gelato, and it is loved for its incredibly fruity flavor profile, which smells just like the bag of sugary candy we all know and love. Because of the rising popularity of this cannabis strain, it's no surprise that Runtz was named the Strain of the Year in 2020. Runtz is celebrated for its creamy smoke that is smooth and welcoming. This strain of weed produces euphoric highs and uplifting effects that are known to be long-lasting. Purple Caper Seeds released the same cross under the name Gelato Zkittlez.
Cap Junkie - Giggly
Cap Junky is a highly potent, pungent cannabis strain that crosses Alien Cookies and Kush Mints #11. The Alien Cookies helped make the top strain, MAC. Cap Junky smells like sour fruit rind with hints of pepper, gas, and dank. Well-grown buds are sleeted with maximal trichome coverage. Its smoke tastes astringent and peppery and hits very smoothly. This maximum-THC cultivar is for experienced smokers only, with an intense, long-lasting euphoric effect.
Kush Mints - Relaxed
Kush Mints is a hybrid weed strain from a genetic cross between Animal Mints and Bubba Kush. This strain is 50% sativa and 50% indica. Kush Mints is a potent and flavorful strain with a minty and cookie-like aroma and flavor, with hints of gas and pine. It has a balanced, relaxing, euphoric high, a pleasant body buzz, and a creative mind. Kush Mint's effects include feeling relaxed, euphoric, and aroused. Medical marijuana patients often choose Kush Mints when dealing with symptoms associated with anxiety, stress, and depression. Kush Mints features flavors like mint, menthol, and pine. The dominant terpene of this strain is limonene.
Fuego Mix - Energetic
Chem Fuego is a sativa weed strain made from a genetic cross between Sour Diesel, Headband, and Chem Dawg. Chem Fuego effects include uplifting, euphoric, and creative. Medical marijuana patients often choose Chem Fuego when dealing with symptoms associated with depression, fatigue, and pain. Chem Fuego features flavors like skunk, earth, and pine. The dominant terpene of this strain is limonene. Chem Fuego is an invigorating sativa-dominant hybrid that smells and tastes like a sour fuel. It has an intense aroma with hints of citrus and diesel. It produces a clear and robust high that can induce giggles and hunger. Chem Fuego is an excellent strain for enjoying a more creative experience or boosting mood.
MAC - Relaxed
MAC, also known as "Miracle Alien Cookies" or simply "Miracle Cookies," is a hybrid marijuana strain that crosses Alien Cookies with Starfighter and Colombian. MAC produces creative effects that are happy and uplifting. This strain features a smooth orange flavor balanced by floral accents on a sweet, earthy finish. Growers say MAC nugs are gorgeous and covered in resin. Medical marijuana patients choose this strain to help relieve symptoms associated with stress and depression.
MSG - Energetic
MSG, known as Styrofoam Cup, is a hybrid weed strain from a genetic cross between GMO and Sunset Sherbet. This strain is named after the flavor enhancer monosodium glutamate, often used in Asian cuisine. MSG has a savory and spicy taste with hints of garlic, cheese, and citrus. MSG effects include relaxation, happiness, and euphoria. Medical marijuana patients often choose MSG when dealing with symptoms associated with stress, pain, and depression. MSG features flavors like cheese, garlic, and citrus. The dominant terpene of this strain is caryophyllene, which gives it a peppery and earthy aroma. MSG is a potent and flavorful strain that stimulates your appetite and mood. 
GMO Cookies - Relaxed
GMO Cookies, also known as "GMO Garlic Cookies" and "Garlic Cookies," is a potent indica-dominant hybrid marijuana strain made by crossing Girl Scout Cookies with Chemdawg. This strain produces a high euphoric effect with mentally uplifting effects. Consumers say Garlic Cookies promote an incredible body high that leaves you feeling relaxed and free from pain. In large doses, this strain may lock you to the sofa and make you feel sedated. As a descendant of Girl Scout Cookies, you can expect loud flavors from Garlic Cookies, like a diesel aroma and a garlic-forward taste that lingers on your taste buds. Medical marijuana patients choose this strain to help relieve symptoms associated with chronic pain, depression, and nausea. According to growers, Garlic Cookies flower into light green, spade-shaped buds dusted with white trichomes and curly orange hairs. 
Apple and Bananas
Apples and Bananas is a potent hybrid indica weed strain made from a genetic cross between Now N Later and Jet Fuel Gelato. Apples and Bananas is 20% THC or higher, making this strain an ideal choice for experienced cannabis consumers. Apples and Bananas' effects include happiness,  euphoria, and feeling uplifted. Medical marijuana patients often choose Apples and Bananas when dealing with symptoms associated with anxiety, depression, and stress. 
Lemon Cherry Gelato
​​Lemon Cherry Gelato is a extremely popular hybrid weed strain with several alleged origins. It could just be Gelato bagseed, aka a between Sunset Sherbet and Girl Scout Cookies. It can also be a type of Runtz, which is Gelato x Z. Now it is so popular, samples labeled 'LCG' surely include a broad range of Gelato, and Runtz varieties. Lemon Cherry Gelato is 20% THC, making this strain an ideal choice for experienced cannabis consumers. Lemon Cherry Gelato effects include tingly,  relaxed, and euphoric. Medical marijuana patients often choose Lemon Cherry Gelato when dealing with symptoms associated with anxiety, pain, and stress. Lemon Cherry Gelato features an aroma of lime, berries, and citrus with flavors of lemon, and sweet fruit. The dominant terpene of this strain is caryophyllene. If you’ve smoked, dabbed, or consumed Lemon Cherry Gelato, tell us about your experience by leaving a strain review.